chore(github): pull request template (#250)
americanexpress/jest-image-snapshot: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!--- Include details of your testing environment, tests ran to see how -->
<!--- your change affects other areas of the code, etc. -->

## Types of Changes
<!--- What types of changes does your code introduce? Put an `x` in all the boxes that apply: -->
- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] Documentation (adding or updating documentation)
- [ ] Dependency update

## Checklist:
<!--- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes that apply. -->
<!--- If you're unsure about any of these, don't hesitate to ask. We're here to help! -->
- [ ] My change requires a change to the documentation and I have updated the documentation accordingly.
- [ ] My changes are in sync with the code style of this project.
- [ ] There aren't any other open Pull Requests for the same issue/update.
- [ ] These changes should be applied to a maintenance branch.
- [ ] This change requires cross browser checks.
- [ ] This change impacts caching for client browsers.

> - [ ] This change adds additional environment variable requirements for Holocron users.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] This change adds additional environment variable requirements for Jest-Image-Snapshot users.
```

> - [ ] My change requires a change to the documentation and I have updated the documentation accordingly.
> - [ ] My changes are in sync with the code style of this project.
> - [ ] There aren't any other open Pull Requests for the same issue/update.
> - [ ] These changes should be applied to a maintenance branch.
> - [ ] This change requires cross browser checks.
> - [ ] This change impacts caching for client browsers.
> - [ ] This change adds additional environment variable requirements for Jest-Image-Snapshot users.
> - [ ] I have added the Apache 2.0 license header to any new files created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] My change requires a change to the documentation and I have updated the documentation accordingly.
- [ ] My changes are in sync with the code style of this project.
- [ ] There aren't any other open Pull Requests for the same issue/update.
- [ ] These changes should be applied to a maintenance branch.
- [ ] I have added the Apache 2.0 license header to any new files created.
```
